(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) The whole world knows that I've been arrested
and removed from some of the responsibilities.
Now I could not sign off some of
the things that were supposed to be signed
by myself.
Hence, maybe to also include, hence then even
the cost centre as reflected there on page
136, because that will be very specific as
to where the budget will be allocated to.
Under recommendation number two, the estimated budget of
31.1 million be approved and funded from
the national budget and such budget be managed
at Provincial Commissioner KwaZulu-Natal.
because of my inability since the June or
July, somewhere there, the arrest up to date.
Just to clarify, General, you haven't been suspended?
You're not on suspension from work?
Or are you?
Let me ask, have you been suspended?
I am not suspended, but I am not
allowed to perform my duties.